{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Matt Campbell\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li2160 \fi0 I am a highly dedicated software developer with 5 years commercial development experience working with PHP (Laravel) and in more recent years with tools like Ansible, Docker and Terraform. I graduated with a 2:1 in BSc (Hons) Computing at Plymouth University in September 2013 and started my professional career in 2014.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Profile\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Strong communication skills, both written and verbally.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Good people skills and can develop great working relationships.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab A real believer of \u8220"do something manually twice, automate\u8221".\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab I believe I possess a positive attitude and have a passion for expanding my knowledge.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Experience working in an Agile team environment, with daily standups, sprint planning/refinement and retrospective meetings.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2011-2013\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b BSc, Computing}; University of Plymouth (2:1)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\i Final year project {\b (First Class Grade)}: PHP based web application \u8211- tool for communication between project group peers}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\i Group project {\b (First Class Grade)} \u8211- As a group we developed a multi-platform photo sharing system.}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2009-2011\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b HND, Computing (Level 5)}; Uxbridge College\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b GCSE English (B)}; Uxbridge College\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b CCNA Networking Academy - Semesters 1 & 2 (Pass)}; Uxbridge College\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 GCSE Maths A.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Received Higher Education award - presented at the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.uxbridge.ac.uk/college-news-a-events/414-september-2011/3396-annual-awards-winners-honoured-by-the-apprentices-melody-hossaini.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Uxbridge College awards ceremony 2011
}}}
.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2015-present\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Shopworks} - Developer\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Throughout my time at Shopworks I have helped on-board several new developers into the team.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Involved with undertaking code review for other team members.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Vast experience with combining legacy code written in CodeIgniter with a more OOP style in Laravel.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Comfortable with a TDD approach to solving problems.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Developed skills with automated deployments and DevOps with tools like Ansible, Terraform and Docker.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Comfortable with new site setup and server administration, from server setup using Ansible, or things like SSL renewal.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Very comfortable with Git and advanced features like pull request workflows, rebasing and following recommended {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
commit message guidelines
}}}
.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Experience and passion for improving internal wiki documentation, which you can read about {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mcampbell508.github.io/2017/12/17/recommended-documentation-for-a-web-team/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
here
}}}
.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2014-2015\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b YourParkingSpace} - Developer\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Starting as an intern for 3 months in my first development role, I was offered a permanent role after a very successful internship. Working in a small team, I established myself as a valued member of a close-knit team. Working with another co-developer, my duties included making day to day improvements to the company web application, fixing bugs and adding new features.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Day-to-day bug fixing, and implementing new feature requests.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Git experience improved, working in a pull request development cycle.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Always part of technical discussions within the team for on-going improvements.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Involved with migration to SSL site version.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implementation of Stripe payments API within an instant payment system.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Technical Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Open Source\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/mcampbell508/ansible-phpstorm"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Ansible role for installing PhpStorm
}}}
, which I developed to help automate the installation of new versions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/mcampbell508/mcampbell508.github.io"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Personal blog and resume
}}}
 are written in markdown and easily converted to multiple formats (HTML, Pdf, Doc)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Programming Languages / Skills\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b PHP:} Very confident with this language and the new features available in PHP 7.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Ansible:} A lot of experience with this tool in terms of provisioning and using it for deployments.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Basic knowledge of {\b VueJS}, {\b React JS}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Laravel, CodeIgniter OOP, PHP 7, TDD, MySQL, DNS, Virtual Host, Apache, Ansible, Deployer PHP, Markdown, Ubuntu, CentOS, VirtualBox, Vagrant, Wikis, Bash, Git, Git Hooks\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:matthewcampbell508@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
matthewcampbell508@gmail.com
}}}
 Uxbridge, Middlesex\line {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mcampbell508.github.io"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
https://mcampbell508.github.io
}}}
\par}
}
